Contributions to the project

Ramya: Found lasso and ridge code. Responsible for Yahoo! stock market data 
pulling as well as project idea and details. Researched kurtosis, 
split/dividends. (unused due to simpler feature set list) Created slides on 
project background. 

Aaron: Organized the research and data and orchestrated the write up of the 
white paper/report. 

Parker: researched lasso regularization and created the slides regarding it. 
Responsible for writing code for logistic regression. (unused due to switch 
to linear regression). Responsible for part of data acquisition: researched 
P/E (price to earnings ratio) (unused because it is a just a ratio of other 
features. This means that it has no independent value of its own, only value 
depedent on values we already are training on.). Set up GIT repository.

Dan: researched ridge regulatization and created the slides regarding it. 
Responsible for part of data acquisition: researched field of business, 
time existed, and state in which headquarers resides (unused because it 
overcomplicated the feature set). Wrote code for data normalization and ridge 
code (unused due using the lasso matlab function). Contributed publically 
available elastic net code for project use. 

Chris: researched elastic net and created the slides regarding it. Worked on 
getting the data to be in a MatLab readable format. Responsible for part of 
data acquisition: researched employee and stockholder numbers (unused because 
no reliable way to gather it and had hugely varying formats). Research on 
random forest neural nets (unused due to switch to linear regression).

Jonathan: Finalized how the data is read in. Created the code that runs each 
regularization technique on all the samples. Responsible for part of data 
acquisition: researched market cap. Created code to generate ROC curves 
(unused because of difficulty producing informative curves with linear regression). 

Shawn: Created code to generate kernels for SVM (unused due to switch to 
linear regression). Researched non-negative garotte and created the slides 
regarding it. Responsible for part of data acquisition: Researched S&P (unused 
because it required payments and was not easily machine scrapeable). 
Contributed non-negative garotte notes to white paper.
